I am no longer gonna identify myself as
a vegan you know in the beginning
I had a lot of strong feelings about
this lifestyle in terms of you know me
being new to it learning so many things
that have no idea about you know the
stuff that happens to animals the
environment hello your name it was all
very shocking to me and I became very
passionate about spreading the message
that could help me to see things in a
different way but you know as you grow
and as you understand more aspects of
life and as you just develop you realize
that there is way more to things that
that meets the eye and I think that I
allowed people to and I allowed myself
to become this you know person that a
lot of people point to as being that
vegan guy and you know I am vegan I am
plant-based whatever kind of label you
want to put on me whatever yes that is
never gonna change I'm not gonna go back
to eating animal products or something
but I'm not going to label myself
anymore I am no longer gonna identify
myself as a vegan and I gotta tell you
the last couple of months I've been
seeing so many you know people who have
decided to give this or to let go of
this lifestyle to stop eating a
plant-based diet and
to eating animal products at the same
time I've witnessed so many people and
vegans especially attacking these people
like crazy and this has happened or you
know as long as I can remember right but
my my thing was these are hundreds of
cows awaiting slaughter and this is what
a modern slaughterhouse really looks
like
[Music]
I am no longer gonna identify myself as
a vegan
[Music]